TB: TB in governance structure (#650)
ubuntu/ubuntu-project-docs: docs/community/councils/technical-board.md

(technical-board)=
# Technical Board

> In the [governance structure of Ubuntu](https://ubuntu.com/community/docs/governance#p-83779-governance-structure) the Ubuntu Technical Board is a [delegated team](https://ubuntu.com/community/docs/governance#p-83779-governance-structure) responsible for architectural and technical decisions in Ubuntu. They set the standards required for packaging and integration with Ubuntu, as well as signing off on the release process and goals, and are ultimately responsible for granting official status and access rights to developers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the {ref}`governance structure of Ubuntu <governance-structure>` the Ubuntu Technical Board is a delegated team responsible for architectural and technical decisions in Ubuntu. They set the standards required for packaging and integration with Ubuntu, as well as signing off on the release process and goals, and are ultimately responsible for granting official status and access rights to developers.
```
